Blog on arbitrary waveform tx and rx (#80)
org-arl/unet-blog: _posts/2024-10-18-Mastering-Waveform-Operations-using-Subnero-Modems.md

## Recording Incoming Waveforms
There are multiple methods for capturing incoming waveforms, each catering to specific use cases:

### 1. Recording a Set Number of Samples
This method is ideal when you need to capture a specific number of samples. You can trigger the recording immediately or schedule it for a specific time using the `bbrec` command. For example, `bbrec 1000` will record 1000 baseband samples. The samples recorded are in the baseband format.

> Subnero modems utilize the UnetStack framework, which employs internal messages for communication among different UnetStack agents. The bbrec command internally utilizes the `RecordBasebandSignalReq` to record the samples. `bbrec 1000` is analogous to `bb << new RecordBasebandSignalReq(1000)`.

Reviewer: This comment reeks of ChatGPT / GenAI.

Author: Rephrased both the paragraphs to update the wordings

> The recorded samples are returned as part of the `RxBasebandSignalNtf` notification and are not written to a file. To do that, you may send the notification to the baseband monitor agent as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recorded samples are returned as part of the `RxBasebandSignalNtf` notification and are not written to a file. To do that, you may set the parameters baseband monitor agent as follows.
```

Author: `bbmon.send ntf` this is actually sending the notification to bbmon rt?

Reviewer: Ah yes. OK.
